README.md, before:

# CampQuest
CampQuest is a campsite search application where users can specify a number of criteria for what they are looking for in a campsite. It's goal is to make it easier to find and compare campgrounds that match the user's specified criteria across a number of providers. It will return a list of campgrounds that match the users preferences and display information about them. Additionally, it will provide a provision for users to submit information about campgrounds to maintain the accuracy of it's campground data as well as to review campgrounds to help other users inform their selections.

## Meet The Team: Team Camping App
### [William Dalian](https://github.com/wildal99) - Team Lead
I am in my second semester as a computer science masters student at Eastern Michigan University. I enjoy both the outdoors and building solutions with technology and look forward to working on this project which will combine both. My development background is in Python and Java and I've dabbled with C, C# and MySQL. 
### [2nd Team Member / Deputy Team Lead] ()
### [Spenser Williams](https://github.com/swill93)
I am a senior in my last semester majoring in Data Science and Analytics. I usually enjoy stats and math, but I am excited to learn some new programming techniques in this project. My programming background is primarily in Java, Python, SQL, and R. 
## Team Policies
### Absence Policy
- If a team member cannot attend a class or meeting due to illness, or a family emergency they should alert the rest of the team as soon as they are able and communicate updates to the rest of the team. They will be given a summary of what was discussed at the team meeting, and what their and the teams next steps are.
- If a team member cannot attend a class or meeting due to a religious holiday they should inform the rest of the team as soon as they are able and communicate updates to the rest of the team.  They will be given a summary of what was discussed at the team meeting, and what their and the teams next steps are. A major religious holiday is defined as a day that is recognized as a day of major day of observance in a group members religion.
- A team member will be reported as absent if they do not notify the rest of the team of their absence.

### Modifying Other Contributor’s Work

Change process:
- If a team member wants to modify another team members work, they should contact the person who’s work they would like to modify to come to an agreement to what will be modified and how it will be modified.

Intentionally damaging or destroying work:
- Intentionally damaging or deleting the teams work is unacceptable since it disrespects the contributor who created it, as well as harms the team. If a team member does intentionally damage the team's work, they will face for doing so, from having a team discussion with the individual and instructor up to, and including being removed from the team, if we are allowed to do so.

### Language Policy
- We will speak English at group meetings

### Masking Policy
- Masking is not required for team members who are not ill, however team members may wear a face mask if they choose to do so.

Commit message:

Update README.md with ashley about me

README.md, after:

# CampQuest
CampQuest is a campsite search application where users can specify a number of criteria for what they are looking for in a campsite. It's goal is to make it easier to find and compare campgrounds that match the user's specified criteria across a number of providers. It will return a list of campgrounds that match the users preferences and display information about them. Additionally, it will provide a provision for users to submit information about campgrounds to maintain the accuracy of it's campground data as well as to review campgrounds to help other users inform their selections.

## Meet The Team: Team Camping App
### [William Dalian](https://github.com/wildal99) - Team Lead
I am in my second semester as a computer science masters student at Eastern Michigan University. I enjoy both the outdoors and building solutions with technology and look forward to working on this project which will combine both. My development background is in Python and Java and I've dabbled with C, C# and MySQL. 
### [Ashley Szelag] ()
I am working through my last year as a Public Safety Administration and Data Science and Analytics double major, focusing on math, computer science, and network security courses. I specialize in data related skills with an interest in Python. In my spare time I enjoy campimg with my family and learning new skills, so I'm excited for the potential of this program. I'm excited to acquire and hone the skills involved with this project.
### [Spenser Williams](https://github.com/swill93)
I am a senior in my last semester majoring in Data Science and Analytics. I usually enjoy stats and math, but I am excited to learn some new programming techniques in this project. My programming background is primarily in Java, Python, SQL, and R. 
## Team Policies
### Absence Policy
- If a team member cannot attend a class or meeting due to illness, or a family emergency they should alert the rest of the team as soon as they are able and communicate updates to the rest of the team. They will be given a summary of what was discussed at the team meeting, and what their and the teams next steps are.
- If a team member cannot attend a class or meeting due to a religious holiday they should inform the rest of the team as soon as they are able and communicate updates to the rest of the team.  They will be given a summary of what was discussed at the team meeting, and what their and the teams next steps are. A major religious holiday is defined as a day that is recognized as a day of major day of observance in a group members religion.
- A team member will be reported as absent if they do not notify the rest of the team of their absence.

### Modifying Other Contributor’s Work

Change process:
- If a team member wants to modify another team members work, they should contact the person who’s work they would like to modify to come to an agreement to what will be modified and how it will be modified.

Intentionally damaging or destroying work:
- Intentionally damaging or deleting the teams work is unacceptable since it disrespects the contributor who created it, as well as harms the team. If a team member does intentionally damage the team's work, they will face for doing so, from having a team discussion with the individual and instructor up to, and including being removed from the team, if we are allowed to do so.

### Language Policy
- We will speak English at group meetings

### Masking Policy
- Masking is not required for team members who are not ill, however team members may wear a face mask if they choose to do so.
